Add hot reload speedup instructions (#648)
cashapp/zipline: README.md

Zipline is designed to run your organization's code when and where you want it. It does not
offer a sandbox or process-isolation and should not be used to execute untrusted code.

### Speeding Up Hot-Reload
There are a few things you can do to make sure that hot-reload is running as fast as it can:
1. Ensure you are running Gradle 7.5 or later (previous versions had a delay in picking up changed
   files).

> 1. In your app's gradle.properties add `kotlin.incremental.js.ir=true` to enable Kotlin/JS
>    incremental compile.
> 1. In your app's gradle.properties add `org.gradle.unsafe.configuration-cache=true` to enable the
>    Gradle configuration cache.
> 1. In your app's build.gradle.kts add `tasks.withType(DukatTask::class) { enabled = false }`
>    to turn off the Dukat task if you are not using TypeScript type declarations.

Reviewer: Not required for markdown but beneficial for those reading locally
```suggestion
2. In your app's gradle.properties add `kotlin.incremental.js.ir=true` to enable Kotlin/JS
   incremental compile.
3. In your app's gradle.properties add `org.gradle.unsafe.configuration-cache=true` to enable the
   Gradle configuration cache.
4. In your app's build.gradle.kts add `tasks.withType(DukatTask::class) { enabled = false }`
   to turn off the Dukat task if you are not using TypeScript type declarations.
```

Author: Heh, I always use this format because I hate adding new list items in middle and then having to bump the numbers.
